Exposing MessageState in ServiceBusReceivedMessage (#26897)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/servicebus/azure-messaging-servicebus/CHANGELOG.md

## 7.6.0-beta.1 (Unreleased)

### Features Added

> - Add `ServiceBusMessageState` and expose it in `ServiceBusReceivedMessage.getMessageState()`. ([#25217](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/issues/25217))

Reviewer: Something to indicate why this would be useful?

```suggestion
- Add `ServiceBusMessageState` property to received messages which indicates whether the message is active, scheduled or deferred. It is exposed it in `ServiceBusReceivedMessage.getMessageState()`. ([#25217](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/issues/25217))
```
